# Gogole+ Profile Link #

Detect and display information about the Google+ profile for the URL currently
being viewed.

If you've ever come across a blog or website and wanted to add that person or
site to your Google+ circles, then this extension may help.  If the site has a
visible link or a Google+ badge for their profile, that makes it pretty easy.
But if the page has a non-visible link or no link at all, you would need to go
search for the person on Google+.  This extension helps detect if a Google+
profile or page exists for the URL currently being viewed, and provides an icon
in the address bar that will display information about the Google+ profile.


## How it Works ##

As you browse the web, the extension will look for certain links on the page
you are viewing.  Specifically, it looks for `<a>` or `<link>` elements with a
`rel` value of 'me', '[author][rel-author]', or '[publisher][rel-publisher]'.
If one of these links points to a Google+ profile then the icon in the address
bar is shown.  Additionally, if the page has a [Google+ badge][] which
identifies the Google+ profile for the page, the icon will be shown.

If you enable the _highly experimental_ [Social Graph API][] support, every
page you visit will be looked up in the SGAPI to attempt to find an associated
Google+ profile.  The SGAPI has been officially deprecated, so this feature
will likely be removed in the future, but is provided as a proof of concept.

When you click the address bar icon, a small popup window displays basic public
information for the associated Google+ profile.  You can then easily open the
full profile to get more information and add them to your circles.


## Privacy Policy ##

This policy describes what data of yours the Google+ Proflie Link chrome
extension makes use of and everything that it does with that data.

The extension requests access to all of your data on all websites as well as
your tabs and browsing activity so that it can look for Google+ profile links.
If you enable the Social Graph API support, **all** URLs you visit are looked
up in Google's [Social Graph API][].  When you click on the address bar icon, a
lookup is made to the Google+ API for the profile associated with the URL you
are viewing, though the URL itself that you are viewing is **not** passed to
the API.

Except as described above, no other data is stored or shared with any other
parties. Any data passed to Google APIs is subject to the [Google Privacy
Policy][].

[rel-author]: http://support.google.com/webmasters/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=1408986
[rel-publisher]: http://support.google.com/webmasters/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=1708844
[Google+ badge]: https://developers.google.com/+/plugins/badge/
[Social Graph API]: http://code.google.com/apis/socialgraph/
[Google Privacy Policy]: http://www.google.com/privacy/
